Source: The Southern Illinoisan, July 9, 2007, Adam Testa
URL: https://thesouthern.com/news/behavior-in-local-cave-drawing-ire-at-least-four-arrested-during-weekend-festival/article_f0d23c8d-8327-5546-87fd-c1b9efcff2e1.html
Photo caption: Empty cans and bottles clutter up a portion of the main stage Sunday at Saltpetre Cave. STEVE JAHNKE / THE SOUTHERN

Behavior in local cave drawing ire: At least four arrested during weekend festival

Dave Cronin let the grass in the field on his property on Tomcat Hill Road grow knee high this year. The high grass serves as a protective barrier.

The fear of ticks and other unknowns stop wandering concertgoers from setting up camp on Cronin's property and walking around in his yard. In the past, Cronin has had problems with attendees from concerts at Salt Petre Cave off Illinois 127, seven miles south of Murphysboro.

The natural amphitheater venue hosts six concert events a year, said owner Bob Goodale. Music ranges from bluegrass to jazz to electronica.

The Underground Sound Festival, an electronica event, took place this weekend. The festival tends to cause problems for neighbors and county agencies, said Sgt. Dave Nichols of the Jackson County Sheriff's Department.

"That becomes a problem for ambulance services and local emergency rooms for drug overdoses," he said. "Every time they have that particular type of festival, several times ambulances will get called down there."

Ambulances were called to the venue three times this past weekend to transport drug overdose patients, the sheriff's department reported.

Lisa Barros Da Silva, a supervisor at St. Joseph Memorial Hospital in Murphysboro, said five patients were brought into the hospital from the music event. She could not offer further details.

Goodale said he has no information on what caused people to be taken in an ambulance, but he said there were more likely explanations than drugs.

"I think it's more to do with heat exhaustion," he said. "I've had to call ambulances on people who were taking medication and drinking beer."

Through the weekend, sheriff's deputies and Murphysboro police officers arrested at least four people for possession of cannabis, controlled substances or paraphernalia. The offenders admitted to purchasing and using the drugs at the festival.

Goodale said the event has grown from attracting about 600 people to more than 2,000. He said the growth, not the entertainment, is likely the cause for an increase in ambulance calls and arrests.

"A few bad apples spoil it," he said.

County deputies cannot patrol the venue because it is on private property, but Nichols said they pay more attention to drivers on Illinois 127.

In addition to possible drug and violence problems, the concert also creates a noise nuisance for neighbors, Nichols said.

"If you have the windows open on a cooler night, you can hear the music all night long," Cronin said.

Concertgoers have also been known to wander onto people's property, usually looking for a place to camp, Nichols said.

Cronin said he's had these problems in the past, but the grass field barrier seemed to help prevent it this year. He does not feel safe leaving his children at home alone when these events are going on.

Not all wanderers were looking for campsites. One 17-year-old was chased into the woods near the venue by a group of people from the concert, Nichols said.

The youth called the sheriff's department saying he was lost in the woods. Deputies had to resort to new technology to determine the caller's location and guide him to a location near Tom Cat Hill.

Deputies found the youth uninjured and took him to the Good Samaritan House in Carbondale until his parents from Chicago could bring him home. Nichols said the youth was too scared to return to the site to identify suspects.
