# Welcome to the Police State known as "Utah" . . .
forum: Discussion (f=2)  topic_id: 133  pages: 
capture: 20060522233659  wayback: https://web.archive.org/web/20060522233659/http://www.catalyticsouls.com/forums/viewtopic.php?t=158&view=previous
posts on this page: 3

--- post #526 | Tangent | Sun Aug 21, 2005 11:37 pm | subj: Welcome to the Police State known as "Utah" . . .
    [nuclear
Joined: 16 Jan 2005
Posts: 149
Location: Atlanta-ish]
Okay.....I took this post (made by Knick of Evol Intent) from the ATL DnB board ( www.404audio.com ). This is unbelieveable. Something must be done. I'm asking all members to copy and post this on every board they frequent (specifically EDM ones) as well as in their MySpace bullitens and whatnot . We're now on a mission to get something done about this. We will not stand for our scene being treated like a terrorist organization! Steps to put the "authorities" in their place are already being taken and I'll give you the link to the thread at 404 so I don't have to keep updating every time a new thing takes place.
[Edited for language] 
>> Quote: 
 [quote] 
Last night, I was booked to play an event about an hour outside of Salt Lake City, Utah. The hype behind this show was huge, they presold 700 tickets and they expected up to 3,000 people total. The promoters did an amazing job with the show.. they even made slipmats with the flyers on them to promote in local shops. 
So, we got to the show around 11:15 or so and it was really cool. It was all outdoors, in a valley surrounded by huge mountains. They had an amazing light show flashing on to a mountain behind the site, the sound was booming, the crowd was about 1500 people thick and everything just seemed too good to be true really. Well... 
At about 11:30 or so, I was standing behind the stage talking with someone when I noticed a helicopter pulling over one of the mountain tops. I jokingly said "Oh look, here comes big brother" to the person I was with. I wasn't far off. 
The helicopter dipped lower and lower and started shining its lights on the crowd. I was kind of in awe and just sat and watched this thing circle us for a minute. As I looked back towards the crowd I saw a guy dressed in camoflauge walking by, toting an assault rifle. At this point, everyone was fully aware of what was going on . A few "troops" rushed the stage and cut the sound off and started yelling that everyone "get the [feck] out of here or go to jail". This is where it got really sticky. 
No one resisted. That's for sure. They had police dogs raiding the crowd of people and I saw a dog signal out a guy who obviously had some drugs on him. The soldiers attacked the guy (4 of them on 1), and kicked him a few times in the ribs and had their knees in his back and sides. As they were cuffing him, there was about 1000 kids trying to leave in the backdrop, peacefully. Next thing I know, A can of [fecking] TEAR GAS is launched into the crowd. People are running and screaming at this point. Girls are crying, guys are cussing... bad scene. 
Now, this is all I saw with my own eyes, but I heard plenty of other accounts of the night. Now this isnt gossip I heard from some candy raver, these are instances cited straight out of the promoters mouth.. 
- One of the promoters friends (a very small female) was attacked by one of the police dogs. As she struggled to get away from it, the police tackled her. 3 grown men proceeded to KICK HER IN THE STOMACH. 
- The police confiscated 3 video tapes in total. People were trying to document what was happening out there. The police saw one guy filming and ran after him, tackled him and his camera fell, and luckily.. his friend grabbed it and ran and got away. priceless footage. That's not all though. Out of 1,500 people, there's sure to be more footage. 
- The police were rounding up the staff of the party and the main promoter went up to them with the permit for the show and said "here, I have the permit." The police then said, "no you don't" and ripped the permit out of his hand. Then, they put an assault rifle to his forehead and said "get the [feck] out of here right now." 
Now.. let's get the facts straight here. 
This event was 100% legal. They had every permit the city told them they needed. They had a 2 MILLION DOLLAR insurance policy for the event. They had liscenced security guards at the gates confiscating any alcohol or drugs found upon entry (yes, they searched every car on the way in). Oh, I suppose I should mention that they arrested all the security guards for possession. 
Oh another interesting fact.. the police did not have a warrant. The owner of the land already has a lawsuit against the city for something similar. A few months ago, she rented her land for a party and the police raided that as well. And catch this, the police forced her to LEAVE HER OWN PERSONAL PROPERTY. That's right. They didnt arrest her, but made her leave her own property!!! 
Don't get it twisted, this is all going down in probably THE most conservative state in the USA. And this is scary.. a gross violation of our civil liberties. The police wanted this party shut down, so they made it happen. Even though everything about this event was legal. The promoters spent over $ 20,000 on this show and did everything they had to to make it legit, only to have it taken away from them by a group of radical neo-con's with an agenda. 
This was one of the scariest things I have ever witnessed in person. I can't even begin to describe how surreal it was. Helicopters, assault rifles, tear gas, camoflauge-wearing soldiers.... why? Was that really necessary? 
This needs to be big news across the USofA. At least in our music scene (edm as a whole)... this could happen to any of us at any time. When we're losing the right to gather peacefully, we're also letting the police set a standard of what we can get away with. And I think that's [BULLCRAP]! 
The system [messed] up last night... They broke up a party that was 100% legal and they physically hurt a lot of people there at the same time. The promoters already have 6 lawsuits ready to file with their lawyers and the ACLU is already involved. 
I'm sure some pictures (and hopefully some video) will surface soon. I'll make sure to post them up here on 404, so you can see the Police State of America at work. 
p.s. - there are more stories of police brutality that i'll post up later. gotta hit the airport soon. can't wait to get the [feck] out of this [crap] hole state. 
 http://www.404audio.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=14814&postdays=0&postorder=asc&start=0 
_________________
"I give up, who are you?"
"I'm the Antichrist. You got me in a vendetta kind of mood. You tell the angels in Heaven you've never seen evil so singularly personified as you did in the face of the man that killed you."

--- post #528 | dragonflybee | Tue Aug 23, 2005 10:59 am | subj: 
    [Evolving
Joined: 18 Jul 2005
Posts: 13
Location: SE Missouri]
Go here to read eyewitness accounts of the event, and show your support by joining while you're there: http://forums.utrave.org/showthread.php?t=20020 
And here is the blog entry from MySpace member Spor, a popular London DJ who was scheduled to perform that night:
 http://www.myspace.com/spor 
Fascism in Utah - link to short 3 min. video footage of police brutality at Utah rave, taken by one of the few who didn't get their cameras and phone cameras destroyed by the police:
 http://homepage.mac.com/apexgrin/FileSharing2.html 
Must - see links:
 www.dancesafe.org 
What kind of world are we living in, when innocent people are treated this way by those who are supposed to protect us?
This is madness.
 http://www.drugpolicy.org/news/82205utrave.cfm

--- post #530 | Tangent | Thu Aug 25, 2005 11:50 pm | subj: 
    [nuclear
Joined: 16 Jan 2005
Posts: 149
Location: Atlanta-ish]
>> Quote: 
 [quote] The promoters of the Versus 2 party in Utah have started up a website for anyone who is interested. 
Below, I copied and pasted the official statement as well. 
 I think it's important people start going to the promoters with their questions. There is also information on the site giving ideas for how people can help, etc... 
 http://www.music-versus-guns.org/ 
Music Versus Guns wrote: 
Official Statement and Information from the Promoters of Versus. 
First off, we would like to thank all of the people who have come to our side in the wake of this deplorable incident. We apologize for not being able to provide you all with information faster. We are doing everything we can for people who were affected by the actions of the police. We as community have been underestimated. The finger has been waved about our character and ability. Because of this, now is the time to stand up together and show the world exactly how we don't plan to take this lying down and teach a couple old dogs a thing or two about what character is. So, this is what we need to do 
To put a stop to any rumors, or false statements that have been cropping up, we would like to clarify a couple of key issues. 
Was the party permitted? 
Yes, period, end of story. Now for the reason this has been in question: According to the county laws 
( http://www.utahcountyonline.com/app...ATTY/Chap13.pdf ) 
in Section 13-4-2-1: 
Required. 
No person shall permit, maintain, promote, conduct, 
advertise, act as entrepreneur, undertake, organize, 
manage, or sell or give tickets to an actual or 
reasonably anticipated assembly of two hundred fifty 
(250) or more people which continues or can 
reasonably be expected to continue for twelve (12) or 
more consecutive hours, whether on public or private 
property unless a license to hold the assembly has 
first been issued by the County Commissioners. (Ord. 
No. 1971-4, Section 2, 7-7-71) (emphasis added) 
It states that if the party was to exceed 250 people and go over 12 consecutive hours we would have needed to clear it with the county commissioner. 
The FACT is, that although the party was to exceed 250 people, it was NOT to go over 12 hours. This is evidenced by the DJ's time slots, and the agreement between Performance Audio and Brandon Fullmer. The permit was granted, and then seized by the Utah County police, clearly stated across the top Utah County Health Department Mass Gathering Permit. 
It was not made clear by any employee of Utah County or member of the Utah County Sheriffs Depatment at any time prior to the event that anything else may have been required by law. 
Were any individuals injured by the police? 
This should be self-evident that this statement is true. However, the issue needs to be addressed. The police have stated that no one was injured. There is photo and video evidence to prove otherwise. This evidence will be coming out in the press conference, which will be occurring soon. 
Did the police use tazers? 
Tazers were not used; however we have sufficient evidence and reason to believe that STUN guns were present and allegedly used. 
Were dogs used to subdue party goers? 
Yes, the K-9 units were present, and used in this operation. We have testimonials and evidence to show that the dogs were used as frightening motivational tools in evacuating the area plus you can distinctly hear them in the video. 
Were cameras and videos broken or confiscated by the police? 
This is true. We will provide photos and provide the actual cameras that were destroyed in the operation at the press conference. 
Was Brandon Fullmer involved in promoting the event called Sequence? 
No. For both Versus and Sequence, there is a promoter involved named Brandon, however, they are NOT the same person. No question. This is being addressed because the Utah County Sheriffs department seems to believe these individuals are the same, when in fact they are not 
Did the police officers find any weapons? 
Yes, the police did arrest and charge one person with possession of a firearm. This individual in question was the land owner's son, on his own property. 
Did the police seize large amounts of drugs? 
Police did seize illicit drugs; a large portion of the drugs seized were drugs that the security officers had confiscated from event goers. Admittedly, this is a sticky issue. Police say security should not have those substances, but it is security's job to keep the environment as safe as possible from potential harmful situations. 
What are our feelings about police presence at these events? 
Many times past we have hired off duty police officers to patrol and attend these events as added security. There have also been many times where police have come, and have walked through our parties. Had the police even attempted to contact us before hand, they would have been a welcome presence. 
Was this event a secret, only for people in the know? 
ABSOLUTELY not! This event was in no way, shape or form a secret. It was a highly publicized and promoted event. If this event had been a secret, or a covert operation in any way, why were great lengths taken to obtain permits? This event was no secret. 
What are we as promoters doing about this situation? 
1. We are currently working with legal representation to ensure we do not get steamrolled by Utah County. We are working with Brian M. Barnard who is considered to be one, if not the best civil rights attorney in the state of Utah. You can read about his many accomplishments online if you so desire. 
2. We have set up the web-site www. Music-Versus-Guns.org . This is taking a bit longer than expected to set up the site properly due to the large amount of interest in this situation. However, we are in the process of making this a centralized site with information on a multitude of issues pertaining to this particular incident. Please visit this site to learn more about what happened and what you can do. 
3. We are spending almost every waking hour to discuss this issue at length with members of the media. We are trying to make sure that the events of August 20th 2005 are reported on fairly. We are also trying to educate as many people as possible of the true nature of these events, this is difficult but we are working with a host of excellent reporters to make sure the facts are strait. 
If for any reason you have direct testimony that differs from what you see portraied by a story on television, or on the radio, or believe the story has been skewed from the facts to present opinion of the station or the reporter that differs from the truth, please feel free to notify Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting at www.fair.org which is a media watch dog group. Thus far I believe most of the reports have not been biased in any way so far but the link is here if you feel you need it. 
Obviously, this is a lot of work, which is why we need your help and continued support. 
What can you do? 
There are many different priorities with regards to what needs to happen, and we would appreciate whatever help you can give in these areas. 
1. If you attended the event and were allegedly attacked or assaulted by the police. 
You are priority NUMBER ONE right now. This is what we need from you immediately: 
a. We need written statements with explicit detail about everything. 
From the time you left your home, to when you got back home. Please try to leave all speculation and personal opinions out of it. JUST THE FACTS!!! Also, keep them as professional as possible; if you are not confident in your writing skills, there are individuals who can assist you with this. Leave your contact information and FULL name at the bottom; along with addresses, phone numbers, email, etc. Contact information will not be made public! 
Please send these statements to: Dimitri801@comcast.net 
Many of you have already written eloquent and detailed descriptions of your night; thank you so much! We just ask that you add and/or edit anything that may need it. 
b. We ARE be willing to videotape these statements as well. 
Your experiences of the evening are the heart of this matter and we know that this may be a hard matter to discuss but the world needs to know that you are a real person with a serious grievance. If you are interested and willing to do this, please contact Dimitri at: (801) 577-8281 or by email Dimitri801@comcast.net 
We will require each individuals consent to post or use any of this material. 
c. Most importantly if you took photo's of any injuries, WE NEED COPIES immediately! 
There is a good guideline on how to document these injuries here: 
 http://www.flora.org/legal/legal_info/document_injuries.html -and- http://www.fleschnerlaw.com/infolin...TING%20INJURIES 
if you have not already done this. Bruises fade; cuts and wounds heal, and the sooner this is captured the better off everyone is. If you did not file a police report for any of your grievances out of intimidation or fear; do it now, with them or the ACLU at: http://www.acluutah.org/ There is a form located on the website where you can electronically file a complaint against the police. The police seem to be very curious as to why no one is willing to come in and report any alleged trauma or police brutality to the police; please be sure to include any of your reasons when you do this. 
What if I made it out of the event unharmed and wasn't harrased? 
1. Congratulations, you are lucky. 
However, you are still an eyewitness account of what happened, and we need it. Once again, we are not interested in if you think the police involved are unscrupulous and/or immoral, with the intent of maliciously stomping on individual's civil liberties. All we want are the FACTS about what you saw. We need these accounts to directly refute the lies the police keep reporting to the media. We have already caught some of their inaccuracies, and need to keep doing just that. Please state everything that happened the second you left home until the time you returned home. Include everything you can, who was with you, times, and details. The sooner you do this the better!! Just like wounds, memories fade hop on this people! Please include your full name and contact information; name, date, telephone/fax numbers, addresses and send these statements to 
 Dimitri801@comcast.net or- nadia_73@hotmail.com 
2. Talk far and wide. 
Do everything in your power to make sure every human being on the face of the planet hears you. This is not just about an event, it is about freedom and civil liberties; it is also about the police overstepping their bounds and justifying it however they please. Once you start talking do not ever shut up. If this is what happens today, and people stay silent, what will the police think they can get away with tomorrow? Silence will encourage their negative behavior. 
To the people who were not in attendance 
1. Be it local or international, it does not matter; WE NEED YOUR HELP! Not only to spread the truthful word about what happened, but to do whatever possible thing you can assist us with. People in the media, public relations, internet related business, people who can provide additional legal help, financial assistance, or people willing to help with leg work are of great necessity to us, please contact Loki801@comcast.net or- Dimitri801@comcast.net All other music and event lovers keep talking! You have our never ending gratitude, you guys are so amazing! 
Ultimately to prevent something like this ever happening again, it is up to ALL OF US. We must have teamwork and solidarity having unity goes without saying. This fight is neither going to be short nor easy; we want to ensure that it is not you who needs our help someday. In order to have good teamwork, we need to be able to communicate so please visit the website, do what you can do, and please feel free to contact the people below as needed. 
Contact Information 
Brandon Fullmer Loki801@comcast.net 
Phone; (801) 363-7955 Fax (801) 363-7943 
For all matters related to needed legal statements contact- 
Dimitri Mumulidisz Dimitri801@comcast.net 
Phone: (801) 577-8281 
For all internet related issues - 
Nadia Nadia_73@hotmail.com 
For all press related issues please contact- 
Justin Kahn rockstar_con@hotmail.com 
Phone: (801) 755-9300 
There are others who are helping as well; we will get their contact information up promptly. 
The Websites 
 www.Music-Versus-Guns.org 
 www.Utrave.org 
_________________
"I give up, who are you?"
"I'm the Antichrist. You got me in a vendetta kind of mood. You tell the angels in Heaven you've never seen evil so singularly personified as you did in the face of the man that killed you."
