# WINTER WONDERLAND CHICAGO DEC 17TH
forum: Event Listings (f=9)  topic_id: 177  pages: 
capture: 20060522233144  wayback: https://web.archive.org/web/20060522233144/http://www.catalyticsouls.com/forums/viewtopic.php?t=176&view=next
posts on this page: 2

--- post #689 | Source | Sat Nov 12, 2005 3:00 am | subj: WINTER WONDERLAND CHICAGO DEC 17TH
    [New Catalyst
Joined: 12 Nov 2005
Posts: 1
Location: Chicago]
The Original Winter Wonderland,
Source 12 yr anniversary show
Saturday December 17 Chicago IL 2005 
It's been a surprising year for all of us. I think the last time we
were this surprised was in 1994, when we threw our first Wonderland
event. Shy FX and Skibadee took control of 2000 people on the dance
floor and revolutionized Drum and Bass in Chicago; the Stickmen from
Toronto had everyone making the dance floor Shake at once, and when
Mark Farina brought the true sound of house music. When Ripe, Sense,
Core innovation, Incredibeats, Newtype +, Undergound Elements, Drop
bass network, Alien touch, Vibeanouts, Vibe Alive, Njoy and ATP came
out and represented.
Fanon Flowers LIVE PA-
Black Nation, Mechanism Industry
One of the most respected techno dj's/producers returns to the Midwest.
Fanon Flowers was born and raised in Kalamazoo, Michigan, exactly
halfway between Detroit and Chicago, the birthplaces of techno and
house music. You will be mesmerized by his ability to create brilliant
techno, acid, and house music. Don't miss this rare exclusive live PA.
Lenny Dee and Delta 9
Industrial Strength New York/Chicago Psychotik
The hardcore kings of the US collaborate to bring you a night of
terror, both of them having countless releases on major labels. We
collaborate two of the biggest Hardcore dj's in the world. The
originators of US hardcore you pussy motha freak!!
DJAX Reunion
Steve Poindexter
At some point every dj in Chicago has owned one of Steve Poindexter's
popular anthems such as work that mother freak and computer madness.
Be prepared to experience one of Chicago's greatest producers and dj's
behind the turntables.
DJ Skull
One of the hardest working producers originally known for his track
entitled Acid whistle and various tracks on Djax. We are excited to
bring back an icon in the techno community.
Ellery Cowles
Bad Boys Chicago
Returning to put an impact on the Chicago music scene.
Stacey Kidd
Dirty Music, Moody, Dust Traxx
It is an honor to have one of Chicago's most promising house
dj's/producer playing for the Wonderland saga. For the first time ever
Stacey Kidd will be a part of one of our events. Come witness one
Chicago's most talented house dj's in the city.
Mark Verbos and Submerge 101
New York,Chicago Simple Answer,Hybrid,Psychotik,Distorted
Playing on the decks for the first time, these 2 are responsible for
putting hard Chicago techno on the map! Both of them playing abroad and
across the US weekly. We proudly collaborate Chicago and New York
Techno for the first time ever.
Mark Almaria and Paul Anthony
Dirty Fabric, Nocturnal, Ammo Chicago
When you hear the term House music you have no choice but to think,
Paul Anthony and Mark Almaria. We decided to put two of the most
top-notch house dj's under one roof to give you an experience that you
won't want to miss.
Entro and Bio Booster
Semiconscious the opaque project
The semiconscious duo's first appearance after a 2-year dnb hiatus,
armed with the hottest exclusive plates and original drops.
Madgroove
Incredibeats Chicago
We are proud to bring back one of the original underground
promoters/dj's of Chicago that brought you 303 series, Hardcore Chicago
and Blessing events. A true Acid legend that rocked the decks with
Hyperactive. Those of you who where around know what we mean.
Bass by the Pound
Chicago's top drum and bass crews will be representing for all crew
inside. Responsible for bringing in world-renowned artist and bringing
you quality DNB events. RESPECT!
 Damian
Source, Digital Umbrella Chicago
The founder of Source in 93 and the creator of the Wonderland events.
Playing at the age of 12, and having gone to the UK for Judgment Day
Records at the age of 16, come and witness one of Chicago's true
secrets.
Notorious Nino
Source, Digital Umbrella Chicago
Everyone who is in the music industry in Chicago has at least come
across Notorious Nino once in their dj career. This dj is known for his
hard work and the ability to work the decks. Come check out the founder
of digital umbrella for he is sure to impress you with his skills.
Johnny Love
Opaque Project, Chicago
Will be doing his first Wonderland appearance. Infamous for his famous
loft parties and featured on xlr8r, UR and countless other magazines.
 Come witness what all the hype is about.
ThreeJay and DJ Seven
Digital Umbrella and Disco Pimps Chicago
Putting together two of the original Disco Pimps to bring you true
hard-hitting house.
RAMPAGE AND TONY COCCO
DistortedMusik.com
We are proud to bring back our newest member of the Wonderland series,
this time with the founder of distorted muzik.
THERBLIG
Source Resident, Chicago. Will be his first Wonderland debut, bringing
some of the dirtiest techno noise you have ever heard.
Source1
Digital Umbrella, Source Chicago
The next generation of the Chicago house music scene.
Idiom
Chicago
The hardcore dirty bastard. Come witness one of the most dedicated
hardcore dj's Chicago has to offer. This up and coming dj is guaranteed
to rock you and if you don't like it freak off.
DJ Rue
Montreal/Chicago
We are proud to bring you our newest lady of drum and bass.
DJ Scrooge
C9 Records, Cloud 9 Productions Chicago
Has been a part of the Wonderland Events since the year 2000.
18+
More info to come soon.
AS ALWAY 100% VIRGIN VENUE
Don't forget on November 23rd, 2005, BLACK WEDNESDAY Source and Majestic Nightlife bring you PLANET ROCK!
773.509.4988
 www.myspace.com/planetrockchicago 
Ticket Information
Exclusive ticket sales (12/1 - 12/17)
With a purchase of a ticket, you will be able to receive a free gift certificate for 2 free legal music downloads.
Presale (12/1 - 12/16) $20
Day of $22
Door $25
Gramaphone Records
2843 N. Clark
773-472-3683
Another Level
5303 S. Harlem
773-586-6346
Another Level
191 W. Golf Rd.
Schaumburg
847-882-9165
Also available online at www.myspace.com/wonderlandchicago starting 11/14. The pre pre-sale price for these tickets are $18
ONLY available on the website BEFORE 12/1.
More info on discount prices for people who are traveling out of state is on the website.
SOURCE
KEEP IT UNDERGROUND.
[img][/img]

--- post #691 | tomfoolery | Sun Nov 13, 2005 2:29 am | subj: 
    [Site Admin
Joined: 25 Apr 2005
Posts: 95]
Nioce
So, source, are you a promoter for these events?
