# DEAD P.A. on the road part 1 w/ pics
forum: Discussion (f=2)  topic_id: 258  pages: 
capture: 20060522225512  wayback: https://web.archive.org/web/20060522225512/http://www.catalyticsouls.com/forums/viewtopic.php?t=258
posts on this page: 1

--- post #881 | papa zero | Sat Apr 01, 2006 7:45 pm | subj: DEAD P.A. on the road part 1 w/ pics
    [New Catalyst
Joined: 01 Apr 2006
Posts: 2]
The Hard Way Tour PART 1. 
 DEAD P.A. 
With Jeremy Clay of Dallas United in tow, we left for Mobile on 3.17.06 - which was a day before our first show. The Mobile booking was for a three day festival at Club Rampage which featured Jackal and Hyde as headliners for that Friday night. Often times when we play other cities, we don't have time to really experience the location much less get to know the locals. Our extra day gave us a chance to relax, party, and hang with some cool Mobile folks that we've come to know. Jackal and Hyde played a good set to a packed club and closed with a Milkshake remix....
3.18.06 we checked out downtown Mobile and met some DJs from Atlanta that go by the name Illmatics. Our set got pushed back an hour and we didn't perform until 3am. We played our Drum n Bass cover of Britney Spears' song "Hit Me Baby One More Time." I't seemed as though no one even recognized it despite the repititious hook... our set went off well and we sold mucho t-shirts. Rob, the owner of the club, always treats us like gold and often comments on how he wishes he were a "rockstar." The irony is that the man lives more of a rockstar life than just about any performer I know... he just doesnt happen to play onstage.
 Lots of Electrofest pics here! 
3.19.06 we made our way down I-10 to Panama City. Upon our arrival we perceived PC to be a pretty backwater looking town. The hotel seemed pretty ghetto (due to a mass of drunk parking lot dwellers) and the woman at the front desk was clearly retarded. The promoter ( Sucka Free ) had to drive back down to the hotel to clear up the mess. We tried to catch up on some rest before the show but my cell phone insisted otherwise...
The venue, J Krash's, was a bit of a dive, reminiscent of the Pleasure Island club in Port Arthur. It was a bar with a pool hall. People began to show up for the party and it was apparent how tight knit, energetic and playful the Panama City clique was. We took the stage and George went nuts... he got hold of the cordless house mic and ran all over the club during the songs which he MCed. At one point a i jumped on his drum kit and played percussion for the first time during a set. Alabama hip hop DJ Masta FX joined in for a few songs and scratched some records over the set. The kids in that town are cool as hell... and we can't wait to make it back. 
Monday 3.20.06 we spent on the road to Miami - WMC baby! more to come...
