Catalytic Souls : Evolving Consciousness 
 About Us - Catalytic Souls 
Welcome to CatalyticSouls; this is your official site for news and updates on CatalyticSouls events as well as your web connection to Caveman Bob and Gettin Lucky Productions.
 About Our Name 
 catalytic adj. 
Of, involving, or acting as a catalyst
 catalyst n. 
1. Chemistry. A substance, usually used in small amounts relative to the reactants, that modifies and increases the rate of a reaction without being consumed in the process.
2. One that precipitates a process or event, especially without being involved in or changed by the consequences.
 From catalysis 
Greek katalusis, dissolution, from katal ein, to dissolve
 soul n. 
1. The animating and vital principle in humans, credited with the faculties of thought, action, and emotion and often conceived as an immaterial entity.
2. The spiritual nature of humans, regarded as immortal, separable from the body at death, and susceptible to happiness or misery in a future state.
3. The disembodied spirit of a dead human.
4. A human: "the homes of some nine hundred souls" (Garrison Keillor).
5. The central or integral part; the vital core: "It saddens me that this network... may lose its soul, which is after all the quest for news" (Marvin Kalb).
6. A person considered as the perfect embodiment of an intangible quality; a personification: I am the very soul of discretion.
7. A person^s emotional or moral nature: "An actor is... often a soul which wishes to reveal itself to the world but dare not" (Alec Guinness).
8. A sense of ethnic pride among Black people and especially African Americans, expressed in areas such as language, social customs, religion, and music.
9. A strong, deeply felt emotion conveyed by a speaker, a performer, or an artist. (Soul music)
Middle English, from Old English s wol
 Additional Information 
We will be hosting a series of shows at Shawnee Cave Ampitheater (AKA Salt Patre Cave) this year.
Please join our forums for more info and discussion.
Caveman Bob would like to invite you to experience the wonders of Shawnee Cave Ampitheatre (Salt Petre Cave), located in Murphysboro, IL. Check Forums for event info, announcements, & more.
Site Under Construction: check back often for updates! 
Copyright © 2005 Catalytic Souls 
Web Design by Chad and Jesse Designs