Catalytic Soul 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Forum 
 News 
 Events 
 Artists 
 Music Shop 
 Downloads 
 Tom Foolery
 TomFoolery is currently one of the most recognized breaks DJs in the Mid-West. Pushing the limits of the breaks sound and defying all notions of what breaks are is routine for this DJ. Coming from the hard and funky sounds of the dirty south into the deep progressive sounds of the Mid-West has left a unique imprint on TomFoolery's track selection and mixing style. A favorite on the underground circuit, TomFoolery will still take time to perform for the older more sophisticated club scene. The past year has seen TomFoolery perform in over twenty cities in twelve states. TomFoolery's big room breaks have landed him in the heart of techno at Detroit's legendary DEMF afterparties, they have seen him follow up acts like Kaskade at New Orlean's Vampire Stripper Sluts and put him peak hour at Tampa's world renown Amphitheater. His life as a master breaks DJ is but one aspect of TomFoolery's appeal. His studio work and fascination with synthesis has begun to flourish. Be on the look out for his name as artist/remixer on productions from around the globe, including the upcoming release of Defiance remixed by top UK nuskool producer, Transformerman. TomFoolery is also behind the scenes designing some of the regions most loved festivals featuring everything from regional bluegrass to some of the world's most esteemed electronic acts. The annual Underground Sound (Mid-West Freak-Fest) parties have received world wide recognition and in short time have developed a cult like following from across the nation and around the globe. TomFoolery is more than just an entertainer. He came up in the light of DJs like Paul van Dyke, Carl Cox, and Uberzone where the DJ was more than a musician but a spiritual guide. TomFoolery has broken free of the constraints around him and seeks to free others: mind, body and soul. Allow him to share the keys of freedom and join him on the journey. 
 Tom's MySpace Page 
 Tom's Latest Mix 
 Brian Dervish (Tekfro)
 I started my music career in 1989, playing in local punk bands in small-town Missouri. I discovered raves in 1994, where I immediately fell in love with DJing and all things electronica. Over the years I have DJed or lugged my computer/keyboard/drum machine (whatever crap I happened to own at the time) to many parties, playing house, breaks, jungle, trance and techno (mostly in that order). In 2002, my wife and I got heavily into the mashup/bootleg scene, and I have been addicted to cheesy pop trash ever since.
 MixDepot Download Site 
 Brian's MySpace Page 
 Brian's Redundant MySpace Music Page 
 DJ Andy B
 Wishes we would write his bio.
 Andy's MySpace Page 
 Unkl Ryan
 Is from outer space. 
 Or, from his MySpace page, if you like that sort of thing:
 I have been a DJing for about 10 years now, and play many parties all over the south, and Midwest. Its my release for all the shit that builds up in my life on a daily basis. I go out and and I blow the fuck up, and get it all the fuck out, so I can continue to be a nice person : ) ( most of the time). Anyway, Im not just into techno and electronic music, though it does play a huge roll in my life. I also listen to basically every style or form of music available, if its good, and out there, Im into it. 
 Ryan's MySpace Page 
 Ryan's MySpace Music Page 
 Some 2006 Mix By Ryan 
 DJ Derve
 Is not the Dervish.
 Dave's MySpace Page 
 Reperkushin
 Reperkushin started djing in 2001. Having no records or equipment of his own, he played whenever, wherever, and whatever he could. After being captivated by the sounds of jungle and drum and bass, he bought records and equipment and quickly learned the craft of being a dj. His sets can range from old school jungle sets to new school ragga weaving in hardstep, rollers, jump up, breakcore, and gabber. As a member of Catalytic Souls and Heavyweight Zoundz, Reperkushin can be seen rockin crowds all over the midwest. In 2008, he is changing his focus more towards dubstep and grime but still will be playing the occasional jungle sets. 2008 is the year of the unexpected.
 John's MySpace Page 
 John's Lastest Mix 
 Dave Skeezy
 Is sounding wheezy. (Maybe he should quit smoking)
 Dave's MySpace Page 
 The Skeezy Mix 
 DJ Brainstorm
 DJ Brianstorm is no stranger to the Midwest Electronic Scene. His journey began 13 years ago when he started running sound and lighting for lock-ins, raves, skate centers, bands, bars, you name it. He attended his first party in 1997 and soon found a strong passion for drum and bass and djing. He has currently been spinning records for 6 years with a strong emphasis on old school down tempo, jazzy DnB, and jump up. In 2007, he started producing his own style of drum n bass and aspires to learn the tricks of the trade.
 Brainstorm's MySpace Page 
 Midwest Drum and Bass Alliance 
 Brainstorm's Mix 
 Catalytic Souls MySpace Page